(soft music)
[Naruto] Are you
feeling any better?
I am.
Once my chakra's fully
restored, I'll be just fine.
This plan to stay a step
ahead of the Otsutsuki
and to protect Shukaku,
kinda blew up into a giant mess.
'Cause it did,
it's now clear that his goal
is to accumulate chakra.
Which means there's no
doubt he'll strike again.
With everything that's happened,
I'm worried about the
other Tailed Beasts, too.
[Shikamaru] It'll all
depend on the outcome
of the Five Kage
Summit, of course,
but every village'll
have to stay alert
and take measures to
protect their Tailed Beasts.
Yeah, and if anything happens,
then I'll head right out.
It's not foolproof,
but for now, that's
about all that we can do.
Hey, come on, guys!
Just how long do I have to
stay in here like this, anyway?
You're under protection here,
where Naruto can
keep an eye on you.
It's not wise to appear
as your larger form.
I'm sorry about
all this, Shukaku.
But you're gonna be staying
with me for a while.
(grunts)
I'm only doing this 'cause
you and Gaara asked me to.
But I don't like being under
the same roof as that damn Fox!
(air whooshing)
(scoffs)
[Kurama] Just getting a whiff
of your scent sickens me,
you dumb tanuki.
What did you just say?
-You wanna fight?
-(scoffs)
[Kurama] You couldn't
even beat that Otsutsuki.
You think you can defeat me?
I would've never
messed up like that.
Why, you--
Y'know, I never liked you,
Fox, and I never will!
(groans)
Hey, what's going on, here?
Kurama, Shukaku,
that's enough now!
(Kurama scoffs)
You're always hiding
inside of Naruto!
Come on out, Fox!
What's the matter,
you scared of me?
[Kurama] Scared of a
tanuki in a tea kettle?
Don't get worked up or you'll
make the tea boil over!
-(chuckles)
-(kettle whistling)
How dare you!
C'mon guys, you're
both Tailed Beasts.
Why are you so
unfriendly to each other?
I can only imagine
what's gonna happen.
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(insects chirping)
I'm home!
Welcome back, Daddy!
Hey!
-Thank you, Himawari!
-Huh?
Wait, is that who I think it is?
Hey, Boruto, long time no see!
(yelps)
So, you're still stuck
inside that thing, Shukaku?
Yeah.
He's going to be staying
right here with us
until we can decide on an
official safe house for him.
Oh, yeah?
Well then, welcome to our home!
-(scoffs)
-Thanks,
but I really don't wanna
hang around here too long.
Uh, what?
It's Shukaa-ku!
Huh?
It's a talking Shukaa-ku!
Himawari, he's not a Shukaa-ku
toy, he's the real Shukaku!
The toy was actually
modeled after him.
[Shukaku] Hey, hold on.
Do you think I'm a
toy or something?
-He's just so cute!
-Come on, already, lemme go!
-Nice to meet you, Shukaa-ku!
-Listen, my name's Shukaku!
It's really Shukaa-ku!
(groaning)
[Shukaku] Hey, stop it,
come on, put me down!
-(giggling)
-I guess not even Shukaku
can put up a fight
against Himawari.
Oh, my goodness,
what's going on?
Look, Mommy, it's Shukaa-ku!
-Oh, I see, you're right!
-No, she's not!
(bright music)
You were really able to take
the whole day off tomorrow?
Yeah, but babysitting him
kinda feels a lot like
still being at work.
Babysitting who, exactly?
I'll have you know that
I'm the proud One Tail!
Not just some toy or a pet!
So don't treat me like one!
I'm not like Kurama,
who's practically a
domesticated animal!
Hey, so, there are nine Tailed
Beasts overall, am I right?
Yeah, from One
Tail to Nine Tails.
They're named according to
the number of tails they have.
Wow, there's that
many like Mr. Shukaku?
That's just so cool!
I wish I could get to
meet them all one day!
[Naruto] Well, uh,
they've all got really
strong personalities
and do things their own way.
So, it's not as easy
as it might sound.
What he means is we don't
like being obligated
to do what you
humans tell us to do.
Although, that's kinda what
you're doing right now.
-Huh?
-(giggling)
And you have a Tailed
Beast inside of you, too,
-isn't that right, Dad?
-Yeah, his name's Kurama.
So, you could say the reason
you're as strong as you are
is 'cause of Kurama's
chakra, right?
(exploding)
The Hidden Leaf
Village is my home.
Everyone here's my family!
I won't let you do this to us!
(roaring)
Yeah, I guess you could say
that's true for the most part.
You see, people like me
and Gaara, Old Man Bee
and Kagura's grandpa, too,
we're what's called Jinchuriki.
Jinchuriki?
Yeah, back when villages
were always fighting,
we were all treated
like secret weapons
'cause we were the vessels
for the Tailed Beasts.
To be honest, it's a
pretty sad history.
But things are totally
different now, right?
Huh?
Yeah!
If Mr. Fox is inside
you right now, Daddy,
then I'd like to meet him!
-(giggles)
-Well, he's always sleeping,
and he never wants
to come out anymore!
Oh, really?
That's too bad.
And besides, that Fox's hatred
of humans is set in stone.
You should just
forget all about it!
Oh, will you play with me,
instead, Mr. Shukaa-ku?
Huh?
Tell me, why exactly
would I wanna play
-with some human kid?
-Aw, you're no fun.
[Naruto] Uh, actually,
Himawari, I'm sorry but he and I
need to have a little
conference right now, anyway.
What?
-A conference?
-That's right!
We get to go and talk
with some old friends!
Nope.
Don't wanna.
(enthusiastic music)
[Naruto] Hey, guys!
It's been a while since
we got together like this!
-Isobu.
-(grunts)
-Son.
-Hey.
-Saiken.
-Hi, there.
[Naruto] Gyuki, have you
healed up from the wounds
you got from the Otsutsuki?
(Gyuki chuckles)
[Gyuki] Completely!
(Kurama scoffs)
[Kurama] This is the Tailed
Beasts' psyche plane,
linked by our minds.
We can meet anytime we want to!
Well, yeah, true, but--
[Gyuki] It looks like
there are a few guys
who decided not to come, anyway.
[Naruto] Yeah, Matatabi,
Kokuo, and Chomei
said that they were gonna
pass on coming to the meeting.
(flames crackling)
(hooves knocking)
(air whooshing)
(Son chuckling)
[Son] Well, we Tailed
Beasts like to live
on our own terms!
You can't deny that!
[Saiken] After all this time,
if humans tell us that
they're gonna protect us,
not many will believe them.
[Isobu] Yes, I agree.
Even if we're told
that it's to protect us
from a threat like
the Otsutsuki.
[Naruto] Oh man, I see.
[Son] Of course,
it'd be different
if you insisted on it, Naruto.
All of us owe you a big debt
of gratitude, after all.
(giggles)
Well, thanks, guys,
I appreciate it.
[Gyuki] Hey, by the way,
where's the One Tail?
Isn't he staying with
you for the time being?
[Naruto] Yeah, he is, but--
[Kurama] Isn't it obvious?
He's too embarrassed
to show himself.
He knows we're all gonna make
fun of him for what happened!
-(groans)
-You damned Fox!
Don't be so full of yourself!
You just watch me, I'm gonna
make you take back those words!
Huh?
(sighs)
(birds chirping)
[Kurama] You've totally settled
into the role of dad, Naruto.
Aw, shut up!
I mean, you're kinda acting
like my parent, right?
(Kurama scoffs)
[Kurama] Yeah, pretty much.
(giggles)
Hm?
What?
(chuckles)
Remember the Hokage's
Inauguration?
Himawari snapped,
released her Byakugan,
and knocked the both of us out?
(punching)
(grunting)
I guess we're both
pretty bad parents.
I mean, don't you agree?
[Kurama] Can't we drop that?
(giggles)
Plus, back then, you
didn't dodge well enough.
(chuckles)
(door creaks shut)
So, the Fox was actually
silenced by this kid?
Oh, boy, I sure do
like the sound of that!
(cheerful music)
[Boruto] It's been so long
since we all went out together!
We're taking
Shukaa-ku too, right?
(chuckles)
Well, we can't leave him
all alone at home, can we?
Ha, there's no choice,
so let's go have fun!
Yay!
Oh, wow, so you're
not complaining?
[Shukaku] This could
be my big chance!
I can find out the details about
how she knocked out Kurama.
That'll give me enough material
to make fun of him
for a nice long time!
Do you two have
everything that we need?
Yeah!
(cheerful music)
(Himawari giggling)
[Boruto] Hey, wait up, Hima!
Look at them,
they're so excited!
(cheerful music)
(air whooshing)
(Naruto snoring)
(sighs)
Come on, dad!
(snoring continues)
He's always falling
asleep like this!
He's exhausted, let's
let him get some sleep!
I'm sorry about this, you two.
Eh, it's fine!
Hey, let's look over
there, Himawari.
Okay, Big Brother!
(birds chirping)
[Shukaku] I've been watching
her for a while now,
but there doesn't seem to be
anything different about her.
She just seems like
an ordinary kid!
Did she really
knock that Fox out?
Maybe I should just
come out and ask her.
Hey, I need to talk to you.
Huh?
I have a secret mission
that only you can do!
Mission?
You think that you can
get away from Boruto?
Sure thing!
Hey, Big Brother, I'm going
to go and use the restroom.
Oh, okay, you all
right by yourself?
I'm not a little kid anymore.
And Shukaa-ku said he'd
come along with me.
-Let's go!
-Okay.
Wow, the two of them have gotten
really close super quickly!
[Shukaku] What?
You don't remember it happening?
No, I remember that
Daddy overslept
on the day he was gonna
become the Hokage.
But except for that,
I don't really remember
what happened at all.
Aw, seriously?
You mean I went through all
of this trouble for nothing?
If I knew that this
was gonna happen,
-I wouldn't've come along!
-Huh?
You're not having
fun, Shukaa-ku?
-Ah!
-(groans)
No, actually, I'm not!
I'll have you know that
I'm a Tailed Beast!
So humans and I have
nothing in common!
But Shukaa-ku--
It's not Shukaa-ku,
it's Shukaku!
This is annoying!
Just leave me alone for a while!
I'm gonna take a nap!
(sighs)
(birds chirping)
Ah--
Oh, you're back.
Hey, where's Shukaku?
(grunts)
-(scoffs)
-I knew it all along!
Living with humans just
doesn't suit me at all!
(yawning)
Man, I really am
getting sleepy here.
-(groans)
-(metallic thud)
(snoring)
-(soft piano music)
-(birds chirping)
[Man] Who just leaves a big
piece of trash right here?
[Cleaner] It is
perfect timing, though.
We can just put it in with the
load going to the scrap yard.
I don't see Shukaa-ku.
-But he was napping right here.
-And once he's asleep,
he takes his time
waking back up again.
Huh?
-Um, hey, excuse me!
-Hm, yes?
You happen to see
an old tea kettle
-lying somewhere nearby?
-Oh, that thing?
Yeah, it got hauled away
with the rest of the trash.
-The trash?
-What?
-No way, Shukaa-ku!
-It oughta be on its way
to the scrap yard
near here by now.
To the scrap yard?
(dramatic music)
(scrap metal clunking)
(machine whirring)
(metal clunk)
Hey, Shukaku!
You here?
Shukaku!
Big Brother, look!
(machine whirring)
[Boruto] At this rate--
[Himawari] Someone,
please stop that machine!
Damn it, what do we do?
I guess I have no
choice but to break it!
(sighs)
If Mom were here
with her Byakugan--
Poor Shukaku!
This is all because I didn't
watch him well enough!
(scrap metal clunking)
(machine whirring)
What now?
(enthusiastic music)
Locked on!
-(air whooshing)
-(grunts)
Huh?
What's going on here?
No way.
(air whooshing)
(grunting)
Oh, what?
(screaming)
(banging)
Ouch!
[Shukaku] Huh?
What?
Shukaa-ku!
Oh, thank goodness!
[Shukaku] Huh?
Uh.
I'm so sorry, Shukaa-ku.
I know you told me to
leave you alone, but--
Oh, no, it's okay,
don't worry about it.
Really?
-(giggling)
-I don't get it,
but I guess she's really
strong, after all!
(grunting)
Huh?
Oh!
You okay, Big Brother?
[Boruto] Yeah, I mean,
honestly, this is nothing
compared to being
targeted by the Byakugan!
(insects chirping)
-(snoring)
-Really?
(chuckles)
(soft music)
Hey, you!
Talk to me, I know
you're awake in there.
(Kurama scoffs)
[Kurama] It's too bad
that your plan failed.
(groans)
Oh, so you knew, huh?
You're always so
irritating, you know that?
[Kurama] So, what now?
You gonna pick a
fight like usual?
Not today, although I could!
I gotta tell ya, every single
person in this household
has been driving me
absolutely crazy!
[Kurama] Ah, for once, we agree!
After just three days
here, you get it.
But at least they're
never boring!
(scoffs)
-Tell me something, Fox--
-What is it?
You know,
I notice that you never
came out of Naruto anymore,
I figured that it was probably
just because you
hated humans so much.
But now,
I'm wondering if maybe that
isn't actually the case.
Maybe it's that protecting
this family is--
[Kurama] Don't be ridiculous.
-(chuckles)
-Okay, I get it!
It looks to me like I kinda
touched a nerve there, though,
-don't you think?
-(Kurama scoffs)
[Kurama] You're an
annoying tanuki.
Aw, thanks, I love you too!
(soft music)
(birds chirping)
Well, I'm talking off!
-Okay, see you, daddy.
-See you, Dad.
Huh?
(cheerful music)
(giggling)
(grunts)
(cheerful music continues)
Goodbye, Shukaa-ku!
[Shikamaru] So then,
Shukaku will be brought
to the safe house
that's been prepared for him?
Yeah, and all the other villages
will do the same with
their Tailed Beasts.
They'll be put under protection.
(Shukaku snoring)
Good grief, look at him
snoozing all carefree.
I just don't get how
these Tailed Beasts think!
Oh, it's not that hard.
These guys are basically
like family, too.
Like family, huh?
Yeah, like family, ya' know!
(chuckles)
(Shukaku snoring)
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(enthusiastic music)
[Boruto] Hey Sarada,
do you know anything
about Mr. Jiraiya?
He was my dad's master,
and he seems like
an amazing shinobi!
[Sarada] I don't, really,
but I think I saw
his name on a book
-Mr. Kakashi was reading.
-Really?
What was it called?
[Sarada] I think the
title of it was--
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
"Make-Out Tactics."
I'm definitely gonna
find Mr. Jiraiya's book!
(upbeat music)
(singing in Japanese)